# myoho-renge-kyo

Myoho-Renge-Kyo represents the identity of what some scientists
are now referring to as the unified field of consciousnesses. In
other words, it’s the essence of all existence and non-existence
– the ultimate creative force behind planets, stars, nebulae,
people, animals, trees, fish, birds, and all phenomena, manifest
or latent. All matter and intelligence are simply waves or
ripples manifesting to and from this core source. Consciousness
(enlightenment) is itself the actual creator of everything that
exists now, ever existed in the past, or will exist in the future
– right down to the minutest particles of dust – each being an
individual ripple or wave. The big difference between chanting
Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo and most other conventional prayers is that
instead of depending on a ‘middleman’ to connect us to our state
of inner enlightenment, we’re able to do it ourselves. That’s
because chanting Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo allows us to tap directly
into our enlightened state by way of this self-produced sound
vibration. ‘Who or What Is God?’ If we compare the concept of God
being a separate entity that is forever watching down on us, to
the teachings of Nichiren, it makes more sense to me that the
true omnipotence, omniscience and omnipresence of what most
people perceive to be God, is the fantastic state of
enlightenment that exists within each of us. Some say that God is
an entity that’s beyond physical matter – I think that the vast
amount of information continuously being conveyed via
electromagnetic waves in today’s world gives us proof of how an
invisible state of God could indeed exist. For example, it’s now
widely known that specific data relayed by way of electromagnetic
waves has the potential to help bring about extraordinary and
powerful effects – including an instant global awareness of
something or a mass emotional reaction. It’s also common
knowledge that these invisible waves can easily be used to
detonate a bomb or to enable NASA to control the movements of a
robot as far away as the Moon or Mars – none of which is possible
without a receiver to decode the information that’s being
transmitted. Without the receiver, the data would remain
impotent. In a very similar way, we need to have our own
‘receiver’ switched on so that we can activate a clear and
precise understanding of our own life, all other life and what
everything else in existence is. Chanting Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo
each day helps us to achieve this because it allows us to reach
the core of our enlightenment and keep it switched on. That’s
because Myoho-Renge-Kyo represents the identity of what
scientists now refer to as the unified field of consciousnesses.
To break it down – Myoho represents the Law of manifestation and
latency (Nature) and consists of two alternating states. For
example, the state of Myo is where everything in life that’s not
obvious to us exists – including our stored memories when we’re
not thinking about them – our hidden potential and inner emotions
whenever they’re dormant – our desires, our fears, our wisdom,
happiness, karma – and more importantly, our enlightenment. The
other state, ho, is where everything in Life exists whenever it
becomes evident to us, such as when a thought pops up from within
our memory – whenever we experience or express our emotions – or
whenever a good or bad cause manifests as an effect from our
karma. When anything becomes apparent, it merely means that it’s
come out of the state of Myo (dormancy/latency) and into a state
of ho (manifestation). It’s the difference between consciousness
and unconsciousness, being awake or asleep, or knowing and not
knowing. The second law – Renge – Ren meaning cause and ge
meaning effect, governs and controls the functions of Myoho –
these two laws of Myoho and Renge, not only function together
simultaneously but also underlies all spiritual and physical
existence. The final and third part of the tri-combination – Kyo,
is the Law that allows Myoho to integrate with Renge – or vice
versa. It’s the great, invisible thread of energy that fuses and
connects all Life and matter – as well as the past, present and
future. It’s also sometimes termed the Universal Law of
Communication – perhaps it could even be compared with the string
theory that many scientists now suspect exists. Just as the cells
in our body, our thoughts, feelings and everything else is
continually fluctuating within us – all that exists in the world
around us and beyond is also in a constant state of flux –
constantly controlled by these three fundamental laws. In fact,
more things are going back and forth between the two states of
Myo and ho in a single moment than it would ever be possible to
calculate or describe. And it doesn’t matter how big or small,
famous or trivial anything or anyone may appear to be, everything
that’s ever existed in the past, exists now or will exist in the
future, exists only because of the workings of the Laws
‘Myoho-Renge-Kyo’ – the basis of the four fundamental forces, and
if they didn’t function, neither we nor anything else could go on
existing. That’s because all forms of existence, including the
seasons, day, night, birth, death and so on, are moving forward
in an ongoing flow of continuation – rhythmically reverting back
and forth between the two fundamental states of Myo and ho in
absolute accordance with Renge – and by way of Kyo. Even stars
are dying and being reborn under the workings of what the
combination ‘Myoho-Renge-Kyo’ represents. Nam, or Namu – which
mean the same thing, are vibrational passwords or keys that allow
us to reach deep into our life and fuse with or become one with
‘Myoho-Renge-Kyo’. On a more personal level, nothing ever happens
by chance or coincidence, it’s the causes that we’ve made in our
past, or are presently making, that determine how these laws
function uniquely in each of our lives – as well as the
environment from moment to moment. By facing east, in harmony
with the direction that the Earth is spinning, and chanting
Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo for a minimum of, let’s say, ten minutes
daily to start with, any of us can experience actual proof of its
positive effects in our lives – even if it only makes us feel
good on the inside, there will be a definite positive effect.
That’s because we’re able to pierce through the thickest layers
of our karma and activate our inherent Buddha Nature (our
enlightened state). By so doing, we’re then able to bring forth
the wisdom and good fortune that we need to challenge, overcome
and change our adverse circumstances – turn them into positive
ones – or manifest and gain even greater fulfilment in our daily
lives from our accumulated good karma. This also allows us to
bring forth the wisdom that can free us from the ignorance and
stupidity that’s preventing us from accepting and being proud of
the person that we indeed are – regardless of our race, colour,
gender or sexuality. We’re also able to see and understand our
circumstances and the environment far more clearly, as well as
attract and connect with any needed external beneficial forces
and situations. As I’ve already mentioned, everything is subject
to the law of Cause and Effect – the ‘actual-proof-strength’
resulting from chanting Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo always depends on our
determination, sincerity and dedication. For example, the levels
of difference could be compared to making a sound on a piano,
creating a melody, producing a great song, and so on. Something
else that’s very important to always respect and acknowledge is
that the Law (or if you prefer God) is in everyone and
everything. NB: There are frightening and disturbing sounds, and
there are tranquil and relaxing sounds. It’s the emotional result
of any noise or sound that can trigger off a mood or even
instantly change one. When chanting Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo each day,
we are producing a sound vibration that’s the password to our
true inner-self – this soon becomes apparent when you start
reassessing your views on various things – such as your fears and
desires etc. The best way to get the desired result when chanting
is not to view things conventionally – rather than reaching out
to an external source, we need to reach into our own lives and
bring our needs and desires to fruition from within – including
the good fortune and strength to achieve any help that we may
need. Chanting Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo also reaches out externally
and draws us towards, or draws towards us, what we need to make
us happy from our environment. For example, it helps us to be in
the right place at the right time – to make better choices and
decisions and so forth. We need to think of it as a seed within
us that we’re watering and bringing sunshine to for it to grow,
blossom and bring forth fruit or flowers. It’s also important to
understand that everything we need in life, including the answer
to every question and the potential to achieve every dream,
already exists within us.   My autobiography explaining how I,
and others I've told, have used this chant to change our poisons
into medicine titled: 'Saved by the Light of the Buddha Within',
is now available at Amazon Books for 99cents (the lowest Amazon
allowed me to price it)To read more about Nam-Myoho-Renge-Kyo
please read Tina Turner's new book: Happiness Becomes You -- or
Google 'Let go, and let God' by Olivia Newton-John.



