# Guardian Of The Looking Glass

* **Index**
  - [Guardian-of-looking-glass](#Guardian-of-looking-glass)
      - [Event 1 - April 18, 2022 - NYC FALSE FLAG BOMBING](#Guardian-of-looking-glass#Event 1 - April 18, 2022 - NYC FALSE FLAG BOMBING)
      - [THE 2030 SINGULARITY - TWO TIMELINES, ONE OUTCOME](#Guardian-of-looking-glass#THE 2030 SINGULARITY - TWO TIMELINES, ONE OUTCOME)
      - [Event 2 - May 20, 2022 - ASSASSINATON IN ASIA](#Guardian-of-looking-glass#Event 2 - May 20, 2022 - ASSASSINATON IN ASIA)
      - [URGENT Timeline Changes - CERN Reactivats](#Guardian-of-looking-glass#URGENT Timeline Changes - CERN Reactivats)


### Event 1 - April 18, 2022 - NYC FALSE FLAG BOMBING

We are the Guardians of the Looking Glass. We are a group of
former intelligence officers and military officials, who have
come together to release classified information about future
events to come. Our knowledge comes from our work on the
looking glass artifact, first discovered in Iraq, along with
other discoveries in the 1990s. During this time, the
artifact was activated by the US military and connected to
computers. We were able to see dozens of future timelines,
and the convergence, or singularities, that led to two
possible outcomes by the year 2030. In one outcome, humanity
awakens, and the current order is dismantled. An event then
occurs, and instead of this event being negative, it is a
positive one. In the other outcome, the current structure
remains in place, a nuclear war takes place, along with many
horrible events. Then the event occurs, and instead of being
a positive event, it is a negative one. You may wonder how
one event can either be positive or negative. You will learn,
and it will make perfect sense to you, once it is explained.
This event is a cosmic event, something that happens in our
solar system. Without the intervention by the current power
structure, this event would be incredibly positive. But due
to the vaccines and a secondary plan being developed, the
event will instead be turned into a nightmare. We will
explain more in a secondary video, which is being released
soon, titled, "2030 and The Event," if you want to learn more
about it. Now, let's move on to the current timelines we are
facing, and how we must act to change these outcomes. Based
on what we learned from the looking glass artifact, we
concluded that we must release these videos at this time, so
that the horrifying events that are about to unfold can be
changed. Each week, we will release a new video. Each week,
you will learn of new, specific timeline changes so that you
can work to change the future outcome. We have been waiting
many, many years to finally release this information. Our
video releases are specifically timed based on what the
looking glass artifact revealed about how to change future
events. What we were able to see was that our videos must be
released now. Not in the past, not in the future, but on
these specific dates, starting in March, 2022. We were also
able to see that the events can only be changed by the
actions of those watching these videos. If these videos are
spread and shared by thousands of people, the events can be
changed. If the videos are not spread and shared, then the
events cannot be changed, and the most negative timeline is
then solidified and set in stone. The looking glass artifact
showed this to us, that it is dependent on the actions of
others to change the outcomes. Your work and help to spread
this message then becomes vital. It will be up to you what
happens. For our first video, we will start with one future
date. Future videos we will post will deal with new dates and
new events. What follows is the most recent, most important
event we must act to change. The date of the first event is
April 18, 2022. On this date, a false flag attack will occur
in New York City. A bomb will be set off, killing 2000
Americans instantly and injuring thousands. The bomb will be
housed in a large van, and set off on or near Times Square,
during a busy time. This bomb has been planted by interests
aligned with the West, and their agenda. The media wants to
blame Russia, so does President Biden. They will present some
evidence false, that points to Russia being the culprit, and
much of the world will be convinced. The condemnations will
be swift, and then there will be military action. Biden will
order an all out attack of every Russian outpost and asset
outside of her borders. This will include all assets in
Ukraine, and any Russian military naval vessel not at port.
Russia's response is restrained. Russia attacks some US
assets in Europe, but avoids many casualties. Russia manages
to only kill a few US military service people, while the
United States has just killed thousands of Russian military
service people. This leads to conflicting narratives. Some
say Russia looks weak and defeated. While others rush to
Russia's side, including India and China. By this time, many
begin to doubt Russia was behind the truck bombing attack.
Many also see the US's response as too hasty, and too severe.
Seeing that the first false flag was a general failure, and
the narrative is turning against them, the West prepares a
second false flag. This plan involves the release of anthrax
all over Washington DC The plan will use strain 836 of
anthrax, the most potent and deadly ever created. It is a
strain created by Russia in the past, and later destroyed by
Russia. However, unknown to the Russians, the strain was
smuggled out of Russia by Western assets many years ago and
developed in US bio laboratories. Once it is confirmed that
it is strain 836, all blame will land at Russia's feet. It is
a well-known creation of Russia. Many will believe Russia
must be behind it. The attack will kill over 100,000 people
within a few days, and spread to outlying areas. The attack
is so severe that it begins to spread to many large Eastern
cities, and within a week millions are dead, and millions
more a severely ill. The military-grade anthrax is so potent,
its spread cannot be contained. Much of the Eastern US is
closed off, based on wind patterns, mostly impacting New
England. The Biden Administration is moved out of DC before
the attack, as they had knowledge of it. They are moved to
Denver. Here, the United States blames Russia for the attack,
and a nuclear war starts off. The US launches an all-out
nuclear attack at Russia, at every Russian city and asset.
But only 30% of the nukes reach Russia or impact. Russia's
air defenses are more robust than previously suspected.
Russia's response is not forgiving this time, but rather
ruthless and brutal. She responds within minutes by targeting
all US military installations and nuclear sites, but also
launches nukes at 20 large American cities, and 18 make
impact. 25 million Americans are vaporized instantly, as
Russia decides to use its more powerful nukes. Another 50
million suffer injuries, and another 70 million are at risk
of mild radiation poisoning. Due to false science and
misunderstandings about nuclear weapons, the fallout is not
nearly as severe as many believed it would be. Both the US
and Russia were aware of this for many years, but decided not
to correct this false information, leading many to believe a
nuclear war would lead to a nuclear winter. This turns out
not to be the case, as the radiation is mild and dissipates
quickly. However, the devastation caused by the blasts
themselves is significantly more severe than the nukes used
on Japan. The weapons are now so powerful that a radius up to
20 miles by 20 miles can be vaporized. America's defenses are
not strong enough to stop all of the nukes. The US reads her
most advanced flying machine, the TR-3B, but it is not able
to track the missiles due to a technology Russia developed.
The technology is a cloaking and holographic type, never
before seen, and not something the US was ready for. The
TR-3Bs can track the nukes, and even fly along side them, but
targeting systems fail at every attempt to destroy them. The
pilots of the TR-3Bs become so desperate they attempt to fly
into the nukes with the aircraft, but even these attempts
fail. Between the nuclear exchanges, Russia survives, and the
United States is completely annihilated. Canada does not
receive a nuclear strike, but instead receives countless
conventional strikes, disabling her small military and
devastating her infrastructure. All commerce ceases in both
the US and Canada, and a total break down of society occurs.
The world is shocked. Many criticize Russia for the brutality
of the attack, but many also note that the United States
attacked first. Many also doubt Russia was behind the truck
bombing or the anthrax attack at this point, as the United
States evidence and claims appeared rushed and dubious upon
closer examination. Whatever the moral qualms the world
feels, the world comes to recognize Russia as the victor in
the battle. From this point, Russia is able to recover, and
launch more attacks on the US Russia stops using nuclear
weapons, and instead fires thousands of conventional weapons,
delivered by her hypersonic missiles, to key military
infrastructure targets, to ensure the US response is
eliminated. Russia threatens Europe, and destroys some of her
targets. Europe capitulates quickly, and surrenders, to avoid
further damage. At this point, seventeen days after the first
nuclear weapon is fired, the war is over, and Russia and
China are now the defacto world powers. Russia and China
agree to help the United States and a cease-fire is agreed
upon. A clean up and rescue effort takes place. One week into
the cease fire, the last remaining American military
officials plot to fire some of her last available cruise
missiles and munitions at ships crossing the sea from China
and Europe. The attack takes place, and most of the missiles
are shot out of the sky by a ready and alert Russian and
Chinese military, but two reach their targets, destroying two
large ships, and further preventing a rescue effort and
souring sympathies toward the US The US and Canada fall into
total chaos. Millions cross into Mexico, creating a
humanitarian crisis. Many of the cartels that control the
northern part of Mexico start defending their land, and
countless gun battles take place. Americans find Mexico
cannot help or house them at all, and total bedlam and chaos
consumes the Northern Hemisphere. The Mexican and Central
American armies gather to create a defensive wall, between
Culiacan, to Chihuahua, to Monterrey, to stop the oncoming
hordes. Many South American countries rally to join,
realizing millions of desperate Americans may reach South
America eventually. The world's remaining powers continue to
attempt humanitarian aid, but later conclude a military
effort must take place, as the entire region has become
lawless. Chinese and Russian troops then land on American
soil, and a brutal campaign of order and enforcement begins.
Both countries split the US up into regions they agree to
jointly or fully control. Many Americans, armed to the teeth
with guns, stage small resistances and skirmishes. This goes
on for many years, leading up to 2030. During this time, a
new plot is underway, a plot hashed by the elites in Europe,
one the Russians and Chinese share no involvement in. The
plot is to release a new pathogen to justify a new vaccine.
The vaccine is designed to interact with the existing
vaccines, and graphene oxide, now coursing  through the
bodies of billions of people. It is also designed to be
introduced to the second and third world, through a new
campaign, that will dose the rest of the planet that did not
get vaccinated. The graphene oxide is not designed to kill,
but rather death is a side effect, in some. Its true purpose
is to interact with the solar event, the event to occur in
1. The graphene oxide will cause this event to be a
horrifying one, rather than a positive one. If one is
vaccinated at all, they will experience not only a physical
but also a multidimensional annihilation when the event takes
place, to a point their souls, or extra-dimensional essences,
will be severely damaged, and vibrational frequencies
reattuned so that they align with the most negative, dark
energies existing within the realm of Earth. The positive
outcome is one also revealed by the looking glass, one seen
by each member of Guardians of the Looking Glass. We were
shown that as humanity steps in to stop all of these horrific
events, one by one, through the help of our work, that a
future emerges leading up to 2030 whereby humanity ascends to
a higher consciousness, one more loving, one more aware, one
more understanding. Each individual begins to see the world
as it is, rather than how it is filtered through the media,
Hollywood and government. An unveiling takes place. The
vaccines are rejected. A cure is found for those poisoned by
the graphene oxide, who regret their decision. Each horrific
event is stopped. Then, the event takes place, and the human
body, free from the vaccine toxins, is transformed through a
cosmic energy burst, one that invigorates every human with
new life, vitality and youthfulness, as well as
higher-dimensional abilities and powers. Each person reverts
in age to about the appearance of being in their mid to late
20s. All disease is eliminated. The human body can live off
of energy, light and water, and has no need for food, but
food can still be consumed. A new renewal and connection with
the Earth occurs. Small community governments take hold, and
large international power structures and monopolies die off.
Humans can now live up to 1000 years. New inventions come
about that clean up the Earth, such as bacteria that eat
plastic. From 2030, the entire world is transformed. Old,
corrupt governments are dismantled, the European elites lose
all of their power, to the point some end up in the streets
as beggars. There is no campaign of revenge at all. Humanity
simply stops feeding the negative forces energy, and without
that energy, they wither and fade away. They have no power,
without the power fed to them by billions of people, and once
billions decide to remove that power, they are left with
nothing. This is how they are defeated, and this is how they
end up, simply as beggars, or left alone with nothing. Many
of them go mad at this point, as their wealth and power is
stripped away. This is a glimpse of the positive outcome, one
we will share more of in upcoming videos. Now, to stop these
events, we must first stop the attack on April 18th. If this
event is not stopped, then the timeline cannot be reversed
from the negative outcome. If it can be stopped, additional
videos will describe other events that must then be
prevented, over the course of the years 2022 to 2029. The
attack on April 18th is only the beginning of a series of
horrific events that are to come, that one by one, must be
prevented. Over 70 events have been identified that must be
changed, or the outcome will be that of the negative one in
1. In addition to this, around fifty or so special
individuals were also identified, as being necessary in
helping change the outcome. These people will play a key role
to stop the April 18th attack and all other future events
that must be altered and changed. Some of them we already
have contacted, to let them know how important they are, and
others will be led to us, to contact us. Each will be given
special instructions from us, actions they must take, to
bring about the positive timeline and outcome. The looking
glass showed us we would come under severe attack, from the
European elites and their countless minions, and we must be
prepared to defend those attacks. These attacks will range
from our videos being removed, our credibility being
questioned, and attempts to reveal our real identities that
would lead to our murder. We need everyone who wants to stop
the negative outcome to help defend us, as these attacks take
place, otherwise we will not succeed. We are asking those of
you who wish to join us to identify yourselves as Guardians.
You must then share each video, and millions must see them,
or these events will not be changed, and the positive outcome
of the event in 2030 will not happen. It bears repeating,
that even if the April 18th attack is stopped, there are as
many as 70 additional events in the coming days, months and
years that must also be stopped, each and every one of them.
We cannot succeed without your attention, dedication and
help.

### THE 2030 SINGULARITY - TWO TIMELINES, ONE OUTCOME

This video is a separate addendum, to explain our background,
how and why we operate the way we do, and the singularity in
2030.

Before we begin, we wish to make a few clarifications.

We will not post text transcripts of our videos, on our
videos, because A.I. systems exist that scour the Internet
seeking text to censor or target. These systems are far less
advanced when it comes to analyzing voice data, particularly
computer generated voices, as used by our videos. Instead, we
will create various temporary upload points, where the text
can be safely copied by others and placed elsewhere, such as
on websites or forums. Please see our description to find
these.

We also have provisions in place, so that our uploads will
continue all the way to the year 2029, without interruption.
We are a moderately sized group of individuals located around
the world, who have sworn an oath to act as Guardians, and do
all in our power to ensure our purpose is fulfilled. We
collectively hold years of training in military and
intelligence operations, and we are confident that no matter
how we are attacked, we will prevail.

Despite our preparation efforts, we were shown via the
looking glass future data that we will need new people to
help us, who will call themselves Guardians, too. Over time,
some of you will be chosen to join us, and gain access to our
classified data files, so you can carry on the project if
something happens to us.

We hope the explanations above answer some questions. We will
now move on to discuss the history of the looking glass
artifact, and some of the timeline challenges we face.

The looking glass timeline data was first discovered and
researched in the 1980s and 1990s. The artifact itself is
Sumerian in nature, but not believed to be originally from
that civilization. It activates, or is functional, when
placed in certain geographic points, where known
multidimensional portals exist. The portals themselves are
sometimes above ground, a few feet, a few hundred feet, even
a few thousand feet, while others are below ground, or at
ground level. They vary in intensity, from a certain point,
losing intensity usually ten to fifteen feet from the center
point in any direction. There are a few of these points in
Iraq, but they are also all over the world.

Once placed in one of these locations, the device begins to
operate, and produces images viewable to the human eye
through a plasma cloud, which can appear holographic in
nature, but is best viewed from certain positions. When first
activated, those viewing the images immediately found them to
be recognizable as future events, showing familiar scenes,
television programs, and so on, but clearly from future
dates. The scenes would start from the current date viewed,
for example, 1985, and proceed up until 2030. Then it would
repeat, showing a new series of events, but all from the same
apparent timeline.

Scientists discovered it would repeat exactly 144 times, then
return to its original data stream, and then repeat again,
144 times. Each cycle showed the same timeline, but from
different perspectives, revealing new, unseen data points.
The entire collection of 144 data streams, up to the year
2030, amounted to what would be the equivalent of thousands
of terabytes of information. Each data stream took seven days
to complete, and 1008 days to complete the full cycle, or
about 2.76 years.

Over the course of many years, these data streams were
filmed, documented and categorized, to the point computers
could be used to look up any data point for any future event,
and analyze it.

When officials tried to change events, or tried to alter the
timeline, they were not able to do so, as the timeline had
already accounted for every attempt to alter it. The timeline
was a reflection of each official's attempt to make
alterations, so that the outcome always reflected these
attempts. Eventually officials stopped trying to alter it
early on, because they came to see the final, negative
outcome as advantageous for them. They realized there was no
need for them to try to alter it or change it, as its
trajectory already favored their agenda.

Since its point of discovery, every future event foreseen by
the looking glass artifact came true. There has been no
failure of the data reported. This led officials to conclude
the data was of extremely high confidence, of a rate of 99.9%
accuracy or higher. It appeared one timeline existed, and
concluded in the year 2030. No further data was shown after
October 10 or 11th, 2030, after this point the data stopped.

No other timeline was visible, except at certain points shown
in the years 2012, 2016 and 2022. It was during these three
years that another timeline branched off. Only during these
years did this timeline begin to appear.

This new timeline also showed a singularity occurred in the
year 2030, during a cosmic event, also foreseen in the
negative timeline. Except, this cosmic event had a very
positive outcome, because the power structure in place was
not able to engage in its destructive activities which would
lead to the cosmic event causing extreme destruction of human
beings.

Research concluded that those in possession of the looking
glass data could change future events in each of the years
2012, 2016 and 2022, if they released information to the
public on certain, specific dates in each of those years. The
U.S. government and other entities involved were not only
shocked by this, they appeared to treat the information as a
threat, as they preferred the projected negative timeline to
occur without interference.

Our group watched as the years 2012 and 2016 passed without
any intervention by officials. It became clear the U.S.
government and other governments involved would do nothing to
stop the horrifying events to come, and do nothing to help
steer the timeline to the more positive outcome.

This is when we, as former officials with direct knowledge of
this data, decided to form our group, Guardians of the
Looking Glass. We decided we had only one chance left, in the
year 2022, to intervene.

It is critically important to understand that without
intervention, the negative timeline is inevitable. We
explained some of this timeline in our first video. This
timeline includes multiple devastating events, including
nuclear war, famine, economic calamities, the near complete
destruction of the United States, new vaccination campaigns,
and ultimately an irreversible, deadly, destructive result of
the cosmic event in the year 2030.

The first event required to be prevented is the false flag on
April 18, 2022, as discussed in our previous video. If this
event is not stopped, then nothing can be done to prevent the
negative timeline outcome. The false flag event on this date
leads to a cascade of events which quickly lead to nuclear
war. The looking glass artifact showed with certainty that
once this false flag occurs, the timeline is set and
irreversible.

If this event is prevented, the timeline remains unstable.
Even if it is stopped, the looking glass artifact showed
there were at least seventy more events that must be stopped
or prevented. If a single one of them is not stopped, then
the negative outcome is inevitable.

Our task is to prevent each of these events, one by one. The
task at hand is extremely daunting. We ran calculations and
probability tests, which revealed the chances of preventing
the negative timeline were low. If action was taken in 2012,
the probably of preventing it was 24.8%. If action was taken
in 2016, the probability of preventing it was 12.5%. If
action was taken in the final year of possible intervention,
the year 2022, the probability of preventing the negative
outcome dropped to 4.3%.

We only have a 4.3% chance of preventing the negative
timeline, because over seventy events must be prevented, and
we are now in the final year in which this is possible. Not
only that, each of you must take enough action to spread our
videos and reach as many people as possible. We must also
avoid censorship, and the inevitable points in which our
videos will be removed. This is why the probability of
success is so low.

Such a dire outlook has not deterred us, because we were also
able to see the positive outcome in 2030. This is plenty of
motivation for us. The positive outcome in 2030 is
exhilarating in every possible way. Not only is nuclear war
completely prevented, so are the future vaccination
campaigns. The current corrupt power structure begins to
slowly fade away, as we work to change over seventy of these
negative events to come. Each time we succeed in preventing a
negative event, the probability and likelihood of our overall
success goes up, and those working to ensure the negative
outcome also face more challenges and their position is
weakened.

We were shown, that if we are successful in preventing over
fifty of these events, that by 2027 the probability of our
success reaches 79%. Those who wish for the negative outcome
are aware of this, and have countless strategic maneuvers in
place to steer the timeline in their favor.

The positive outcome, as it was shown, results in the total
and complete destruction of the current power structure.
Those in power saw their future in the positive timeline, and
they were terrified of it. They would end up mostly homeless,
without money or power. All of it is stripped away. Once the
positive timeline completes, and the cosmic event occurs,
humanity by the year 2030 has almost entirely reversed
course.

We could see that the economy had completely changed, as
individual habits changed, as the positive outcome became
more likely. Fast food companies went out of business, as did
Wal-Mart, Apple, Netflix and Amazon, and countless other
destructive, negative companies. Viewership of many network
shows dropped to nearly zero. Use of Facebook and other
social media platforms dropped to nearly zero. Billions of
people stopped paying taxes, and stopped using banks.
Governments were starved of finances. Individuals became rich
in wealth, as new revenue streams emerged, completely
disconnected from the fiat money system. Many people began
growing their own food, and formed small, community
governments, often no more than a few hundred people in size.

In the positive timeline, humanity, as whole, did not fight
the system, they simply stopped participating in it entirely.

Each individual began to make a decision to reject negative
habits, and the negative system in place, and instead began
to make more positive choices in their lives.

The power structure saw this new, emergent timeline, this
positive outcome, and they were not only sick with terror,
they were enraged, and saw it as a threat. They took steps to
shut down the looking glass project, some involved were
murdered or vanished, and others threatened. The data was
deleted, lost, or classified at the highest levels. Those in
the negative power structure wanted to eliminate any
possibility a positive timeline could be achieved at all.

What they could not change was the fact dozens of military
officials had access to the looking glass data through the
1980s and 1990s. Many patriotic individuals, working in the
military and intelligence agencies, had viewed this data, and
were aware of it. Not all were fired, threatened or murdered.
A few of us outlasted the crack down, and quietly moved on
from the project, and later made secret communications with
each other, and decided to form our current group.

Now we are in the open, and they will see our information,
and the data showed us that they will try to stop us. The
data also showed, that if enough people took immediate action
to share these videos, they would not be able to stop it, and
the timeline transformations would continue and reach a
higher and higher degree of success.

In the negative timeline outcome, without any intervention on
our part, the April 18th event occurs, leading to the nuclear
war, as described in our first video. The United States is
destroyed, and new power structures come into existence.
Through all of this, the ultimate source of power, located in
Europe, never changes. In fact, the Europeans in charge of
this negative timeline outcome, who are steering humanity
toward its destruction, only gain more and more power.

These negative individuals, using the power of the media,
various militaries and corrupt politicians, are able to
easily create a series of destructive events leading up to
the year 2030. Their goal is mass vaccination. The first
round of this vaccination is deemed a moderate success by
this year, but at least two more rounds are planned for
future dates. These mass vaccination campaigns have one, main
purpose, and that is to prepare and alter human DNA for the
cosmic event, so that this event causes massive destruction,
death, DNA changes and spiritual changes, that cannot be
reversed.

The negative outcome also showed many of those who remained
unvaccinated would not ultimately survive to the year 2030.
The catalyst was the nuclear war, which was so devastating it
left many at the mercy of government aid. From this point,
those against the vaccinations either submitted to them, or
faced starvation or exile.

The negative outcome presents a scenario in which no
individual can fight or defeat what is to come. Even those
who attempt to live in the forest, in the woods, or off the
land, would be targeted by military drones. There was almost
no escape.

By 2030, when the cosmic event happens, Billions are killed
instantly when the cosmic event interacts with the vaccines.
A small, surviving population of European rulers receive a
certain type of vaccine, that enhances their DNA, rather than
destroying it. The power structure will ensure only they
receive this type of vaccine, which is designed to harness
the positive effects of the cosmic event only for themselves,
while the other vaccines are designed to use the cosmic
event's properties to completely annihilate everyone else.

This leads to a small population left on Earth, those who
received the specially designed vaccine, which are those in
the power structure, a small group about 1  Million in total.

Those among third and second world citizens receive a special
type of vaccine that interacts with the cosmic event to lower
their vibrational energy and turn them into a slave-like
race. They are not killed, and about 500 million of them
survive, to serve the elite power structure.

Everyone else, who received the mass vaccinations, is
instantly killed by the cosmic blast that envelops Earth, and
their extradimensional vibrational state is altered, creating
a negative shroud they will carry into the afterlife. Once
there, negative energies will lead them to a lower astral
realm, whereby they will remain enslaved, possibly for
millions of years. Observers of the data said this realm
looked like "Hell".

The specially-designed vaccine, that only the power structure
will use, enhances the positive effects of the cosmic event.
It leads to a DNA upgrade, of sorts, where these individuals
can now live thousands of years, and maintain a youth-like
appearance forever. They gain psychic abilities, and
telekinetic powers. This would occur anyway, among anyone
unvaccinated, but the power structure decides to create an
"enhancement" vaccine, that increases these positive effects.

Finally, there are a few unvaccinated people left, living
either underground or in remote areas. When the cosmic event
occurs, the positive changes occur in them, as well. These
changes are not as pronounced as they are in the elites who
received the enhancement-vaccine. This leads to a small war,
of sorts. The unvaccinated, with their new strength and
powers, try to fight the existing power structure, but they
are quickly defeated. The vaccine that causes positive
enhancement means the 1 Million or so who received it are too
powerful to be defeated, even by those unvaccinated who
received the benefits of the cosmic event.

The timeline shows there are a few months of fighting in
mid-2030, but by September, all of the unvaccinated and
cosmically-enhanced are defeated by the power structure. This
is one of the reasons the power structure develops this
additional vaccine for themselves, because they could see
some unvaccinated would still remain alive, and still receive
the benefits of the cosmic event.

The visions of this final battle caused some in the military
to react with tears, and others, with vomiting. The events
were so emotional and difficult to observe, it haunts some of
us to this day and motivates us to prevent the negative
outcome.

There is no data after 2030, but the events of the negative
timeline show that by late 2030, all of the above has
occurred. It is unknown why the looking glass did not show
anything past late 2030.

The positive event is nearly a polar opposite outcome. The
vaccinations are mostly prevented, and new cures are created
to save those who were already vaccinated. Those who are pure
of blood go outside during the cosmic event, and receive
cosmic particles that upgrade their DNA and extradimensional
vibratory signature. Within weeks, they gain a youthful
appearance, psychic abilities and enchanted physical and
cognitive function. This happens to Billions of people.

The power structure, at this point, is so weakened they are
not able to complete research on their vaccine-enhancement
shot. They also receive this cosmic upgrade, but due to their
existing negative energies, it is not absorbed as well. Only
with the vaccine-enhancement shot did they have any chance of
receive its full benefits. The looking glass data also showed
them this, so they worked hard on the vaccine-enhancement
shot, so they could not only receive the benefits of the
cosmic event, but upgrade those benefits, just for
themselves. On the positive timeline, they do not have enough
money or power to complete this research. The cosmic event
only gives them small benefits, and they are left mostly
homeless, to beg on the streets. Humanity does not take
revenge on them, but instead, humanity takes pity on them,
and there are groups that offer them some food and shelter.

As we can see, we face two outcomes, and great challenges. We
hope this video offers some insight for you. It is only a
small piece of data that we will share into the future.


### Event 2 - May 20, 2022 - ASSASSINATON IN ASIA

There is very little time left to alter the negative outcome
we have spoken about.

We are requesting viewers finish watching this video, and
then do all that is possible to share it. The cascading
effect, when shared, can have a very powerful impact in
changing these events. They are called "ripples", and these
small ripples can grow, disrupting the negative forces
working to bring about the negative timeline outcome.

First, the April 18th, 2022 false flag must be prevented.
This is not the end of our work, it is only the beginning. If
this event is prevented, or forestalled, a series of other,
serious events soon follow, over seventy in total, leading up
to the year 2030. Each and every one of them must be
prevented, or the negative outcome will not be stopped.

According to our data, if the April 18th event is prevented,
the next date of an event that must be prevented is May 20th.
On this date, an operation will occur out of the public eye,
never reported in the media. This operation will take place
in Southeast Asia, and involve the assassination of a former
Chinese military scientist.

This event, if it takes place, ensures the negative outcome
occurs.

The name of the scientist is Dr. Winston Wu. We, as Guardians
of the Looking Glass, have already made attempts to warn Dr.
Wu of the upcoming attempt on his life. Our data shows that
no matter how many times we try to warn this man of his fatal
outcome, the event does not change. Even if he takes steps to
protect himself, it is not enough.

Part of the reason for this is that the negative forces have
the same data we have, and they can anticipate our warnings,
and circumvent them.

As a result, we determined the only way to prevent his death
is by the actions of viewers, who share the information. Once
broadly shared, it becomes apparent in the timeline data that
the event can be prevented. The negative forces change plans,
upon their plans being publicly disseminated and revealed.
This is the case for preventing many events. Once a plan, or
date, is revealed, and enough public awareness is made, the
event can be stopped. But if not enough people are made aware
of the date, then it cannot be stopped.

This took place on September 11, 2001. There had been some
prior warnings, in previous months and years, of this date.
But the information was not disseminated widely enough. A
former CIA asset and infiltrator, by the name of Jeff
Swedenburg, had made numerous attempts to warn people of this
date, but his warnings were ignored. The event eventually
came to pass, without any interruption.

Dr. Wu's work and project, which is almost entirely unknown
at this time, is critical to stopping the negative outcome,
and instead bringing about the positive outcome. This is why
the negative forces are specifically concerned about him, and
targeting him.

Dr. Wu's project is called Raindrop. Through his work, using
Quantum computing, he is able to do great damage to the
European power structure in the coming years.

His project is currently underway, and will reach completion
in May, and from there, his work begins to expand all over
the world. He begins spending vast amounts of money to
destroy the current world order. The people involved in his
project, who are all over the world, also help to fulfill his
vision, and many others join him to bring down the current
power structure.

He is being targeted for elimination, and if nothing is done,
he will be killed on May 20th, 2022. This leads to the
cessation of his project, the confiscation of his work, his
funds, and the arrests of those involved. His project is
destroyed, and the negative timeline is then solidified and
cannot be altered from that point forward.

His work is also essential in disrupting the operations of
the Large Hadron Collider, or CERN. If his life can be saved,
he goes on to continue his work, and in doing so, prevent
multiple horrific events that have been planned by the
negative power structure.

If we can prevent the April 18th attack, and forestall the
nuclear war, an economic collapse still happens in lte 2022,
when America will descend into chaos. Americans will be
desperate for food, basic services, even water. Dr. Wu's work
brings financial relief for many. In this time, followers of
Dr. Wu will be given tens or even hundreds of millions in
other currencies, and in crypto currencies, which will still
retain value in currencies like the Euro. His work saves the
lives of many Americans, who are able to use those funds to
still buy things and escape the chaos.

The negative forces are able to see all of this, as well, so
they have planned to assassinate Dr. Wu, on May 20, 2022. If
this occurs, his work is destroyed, and he has no positive
impact at all on the devastating events to come. This
ensures, to the highest degree of certainty, that the
negative singularity in 2030 takes place, and cannot be
prevented.

All of our data shows that for us to succeed in preventing
the negative outcome in 2030, and singularity, Dr. Wu's life
must be saved, and his work must continue. Even if the
economic collapse occurs, or nuclear war, if Dr. Wu survives,
there still remains a chance to prevent the negative outcome.

Our data shows that by the end of 2029, entering into 2030,
Dr. Wu and his project must be operating for the positive
outcome to succeed. It is determined, that his work using his
Quantum computer, against CERN, is one of the most critical
aspects of disrupting the negative outcome.

Our data clearly shows that the only way to save his life is
for each person to disseminate and spread this information,
and to support Dr. Wu and his Raindrop project.

Our next video will discuss the next event that must be
prevented. But for now, stopping Event 1 and Event 2 are of
the most critical priority. With the re-activation of CERN,
and re-powering of CERN, which took place on March 22, we
believe the negative power structure has plans to disrupt the
timelines to even a greater degree, in ways not even our data
from the looking glass may have revealed to us. This concerns
us greatly.

If our information is not spread quicker, and faster, we
believe the negative power structure is doing something with
CERN to completely stop us, or anyone, from preventing the
negative singularity. This is why Dr. Wu's work ends up being
so important, because he is able to specifically target and
destroy their operations, in a way no one else can.


### URGENT Timeline Changes - CERN Reactivats

Guardians, it is time for a very important update.

Because of your work, the April 18th attack was stopped.

You may have noticed in the news that there were some strange
events that led up to that date in New York City. These events were
partly related to the planned attack, and also related to some
timeline disruptions that took place, because CERN was reactivated.

Our sources in the U.S. and European governments told us that our
videos reached such a wide audience, that they had no choice but to
change plans.

We have asked our sources if they plan to delete our videos, and we
have been told that is being considered. They are extremely upset
with what we are doing.

Their plans now lie in using CERN to change the looking glass data,
so that the timelines more favor their negative outcome, than the
positive one. They are experimenting and tinkering in any way they
can, to bring up their percentages of success.

The next event, which we posted about, is May 20th. We have warned
 the Raindrop group about what is to come, and we are working
closely with them to save Dr. Wu's life. They have been cooperative
so far, and once we showed them our data and proof, they knew we
were telling the truth. We have also heard many Guardians want to
help them in their own mission, which is going to effect the timeline
 and possibly save Dr. Wu's life.

With April 18th prevented, and with our hope May 20th is stopped as
well, the next event to come happens in July of 2022. This event
cannot be described yet. We can only warn you, it will impact the
lives of billions of people, and the most impact will be felt in the
United States and Canada.

This event to come, in July, will harm far more people than the
previous two and cause great distress in the lives of many. It is of
great concern to us. We must do all we can to prevent the May 20th
 event, and if we fail, we will not succeed at all. But if we do succeed,
 we must then focus on the July event, which we will post a video
about.

We want to also add that an individual managed to decipher the
secret codes we placed in each of our previous videos. We knew
eventually someone would do so. They now hold the keys to the
steps required of them, to fulfill their own destiny and purpose.
Others will also find these codes in our videos, and unlock their
own destinies. We know who each person this is, and we call them
The Chosen.

Once our codes are deciphered, you will be led in new paths, some of
 which will take you to far away places and on extraordinary
adventures. The Chosen are critical to the success of creating a
positive timeline, and our videos contain the secret codes you need
to be led on this special path.

Soon, we will contact those of you who have emailed us, and if you
are one of The Chosen, we will need to begin communication with
you.

We ask our Guardians to remain vigilant. There are many agents of
the negative forces who pretend to belong to the community of
light-bearers and truth-seekers. They are easy to spot, because they
always spread negativity. They cannot help themselves, even if they
 try to be positive, it does not last for long. Their hearts are full of
darkness and hate, and it is easy to spot, but some are very clever.
This is why we must shut down our comments sections, because
they would be flooded with these agents, posting numerous lies and
confusions. Comments were allowed on our Rumble videos, and we
had no choice but to remove them, because of the vicious hatred,
toxicity and venom that had already filled up the comments. This is
why this must be done, for those who have asked.

We may also use a new account, such as Protonmail, but we must
make everyone aware, the negative forces can intercept data at the
port location before encryption occurs. This is a flaw built into all
computers and the internet itself, as there is always a point of
intercept whereby data remains unencrypted. As a result, no email
is truly secure.

The best method to use is an anonymous name, nickname or handle,
when communicating online. We also believe it is important for some
 lightworkers to be open about who they are, and not hide in the
 shadows. For our purposes, we must be safe, because we could be
 targeted for assassination. One thing we have been told is that the
negative forces hate when people have the courage to show their
real names and faces, in the face of potential ridicule or attacks. It
 is a sign of great strength. As always, use your best judgement. In
some cases, a person may have a real online identity, but also use
 anonymous handles for other activities. This, too, is a smart way to
 circumvent the negative forces. Confusing their algorithms is key.

Now, for The Chosen who are watching, you must decipher the new
codes we placed in this video. Once unlocked, you will have a mission
 to find a golden amulet, once touched by both Jesus and the Prophet
 Muhammad, and many other sanctified teachers and prophets over
the centuries, and passed down through generations of other Chosen
lightworkers. This amulet has been lost for over 300 years. We were
shown in the looking glass data, that it must be found and activated,
 if the negative forces try to change the timelines. They are trying,
with CERN. The only way to stop them is to find the golden amulet
and activate it, so that The Chosen can use it as a counter against
them. Begin your search for the codes, and email us with what you
have found. Resist the negative energies around you, that will try to
stop you.
