# lotus-journey

Thank you so much... thank you for giving us such an
excellent and mind -opening parable about the diving... very
clear... It reminds me about lotus flower in a swamp.. From a
very murky swamp, a beautiful lotus was born adorning the
surface of the swamp .. To be as beautiful as that, it had to
go through the painful and murky twists of life just like the
situation in the swamp ... From below it ascended without
being contaminated by any obstacles, it  also did not bring
with it any dirt, while on journey, it saw some others are
destroyed, they left their seeds behind, they brought with
them all the obstacles they considered valuable, they reached
the surface with the bubbles of their creation without them
realizing it was all just a loss, they mesmerize by the thing
they thought is alive, they dont know that all of that things
are not theirs, the dead belongs to the dead, while they self
which is alive belongs to the living world... It is so sad,
they are too fond of the worldly, they boast of what they
think they have, until the bubbles touch the surface, only
the emptiness will be released, everything they bring with
them must be left .. Then they begins to understand, they
understand what  which they have just understood... They
understand, they realize that it is already too late, they
understand that they are powerless to change anything what
they have done during their journey.. They only able to see
the real beauty that they are supposed to achieve from
afar...


